for some it is a first look into the
face of the terror threat that confronts
America
for others it is a return to the routine
of unpredictability the Marines have
entered the frame
while the dynamics of Tajikistan are
conflicted the missions of the men are
not securing a troubled river dam
represents a significant opportunity to
strengthen the emperor evaporating
infrastructure of an embattled nation
such an opportunity to win local hearts
and minds is always worth a measured
risk once passed down the orders given
to America's fighting force are executed
with precision the Marines are prepared
with their adversaries entrenched and
determined dislodging and repelling the
insurgency brings the man into the thick
of the madness those in the cordon
californium of combat there's too much
to be gained from deciphering the sounds
of incoming fire distance rhythm and
frequency
I'll tell valuable information about
enemy activity Fitz the percussion of
booming sound tractable
these men have developed discerning ears
they use their experience to make
headway for others which seek indexing